IBX-1430: Split REST API Usage and Extending REST API in smaller pages. (#1650)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/api/rest_api_responses.md

> # Responses

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# REST Responses
```

In PHP, you can achieve the same effect with `CURLOPT_FOLLOWLOCATION`.
The following command-line example follows the two redirections above and the `Accept` header is propagated:

```shell
curl --head --location --header "Accept: application/vnd.ibexa.api.Content+json" "https://api.example.com/api/ibexa/v2/content/objects/?remoteId=34720ff636e1d4ce512f762dc638e4ac"
```

```
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Type: application/vnd.ibexa.api.Content+json
```

### Cross-origin

[Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cross-origin_resource_sharing) can allow the REST API to be reached from a page on another domain.

!!! tip "More information about CORS"

    - [CORS' W3C specification](http://www.w3.org/TR/cors/)
    - [Overview of CORS on developer.mozilla.org](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/HTTP/Access_control_CORS)

CORS support is provided by the third party [nelmio/cors-bundle](https://packagist.org/packages/nelmio/cors-bundle). You can read more about it in [NelmioCorsBundle's README](https://github.com/nelmio/NelmioCorsBundle/blob/master/README.md).

Using CORS is not limited to REST API resources and can be used for any resource of the platform.

> The CORS bundle add `Access-Control-Allow-Origin` header to the response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CORS bundle adds an `Access-Control-Allow-Origin` header to the response.
```
